Clean up show methods and documentation (#412)
JuliaStats/MixedModels.jl: docs/src/constructors.md

Note that, in keeping with convention in the [`GLM` package](https://github.com/JuliaStats/GLM.jl), the distribution family for a binary (i.e. 0/1) response is the `Bernoulli` distribution.
The `Binomial` distribution is only used when the response is the fraction of trials returning a positive, in which case the number of trials must be specified as the case weights.

### Optional arguments to fit

An alternative approach is to create the `GeneralizedLinearMixedModel` object then call `fit!` on it.

> In this form optional arguments `fast` and/or `nAGQ` can be passed to the optimization process.

Reviewer: I'm thinking it's easiest to just omit this now -- I don't think most users will construct and fit a model separately and `fit()` now supports all of the optional arguments (which is what the text below uses).

> An alternative approach is to create the `GeneralizedLinearMixedModel` object then call `fit!` on it.
> In this form optional arguments `fast` and/or `nAGQ` can be passed to the optimization process.

Reviewer: Hmm, it seems this alternative is shown in `optimization.md`, where it makes sense to see what's happening at every step.

An alternative change would be 
```suggestion
An alternative approach is to create the `GeneralizedLinearMixedModel` object then call `fit!` on it.
The optional arguments `fast` and/or `nAGQ` can be passed to the optimization process in via both `fit` and `fit!` (i.e these optimization settings are not used nor recognized when constructing the model). 
```

> In this form optional arguments `fast` and/or `nAGQ` can be passed to the optimization process.

Author: Did you mean to write "... in via both ..." in line 238?  I guess I would delete the "in"

> In this form optional arguments `fast` and/or `nAGQ` can be passed to the optimization process.

Reviewer: Oops, yep, that was a mistake on my part. I've updated the suggestion.
